Mkminix-0.1 by W. Black

Description
-----------
This directory contains a hacked version of mkfs.minix from util-linux 2.8.
The hack in question was primarily a bit of #ifndef-ing to make it compile
successfully under DJGPP.  Due to DOS's brain-damaged 8.3 filename limitation,
the executable has been renamed from mkfs.minix to mkminix.exe.
[Executable deleted in the util-linux distribution.]

Distribution
------------
This distribution should have come with both sources and executable.  If
you're missing either, feel free to visit my site at 
http://www.geocities.com/SiliconValley/Network/5508 to get a fresh one if
you need it.

This program and its source program in util-linux are protected by the GNU
General Public License.  See the file COPYING for details.

Why
---
Exactly why would anyone want to create a Minix filesystem under DOS?  The
answer, as far as I am concerned, is in the interest of creating initial 
ramdisks for Linux.  By being able to configure an initrd from DOS (or Win
'95, etc.), you can make the transition to Linux that much easier (think
Win '95 autoplay Linux distributions, for example).

Phase II of this project would logically be to be able to populate this initrd
with files.  That is my goal for mkminix-0.2.

Installation
------------
At this point, everything is pretty much already installed.  Just run MKMINIX
from the DOS prompt.  The source will compile under DJGPP if and only if you
have a copy of linux/minix_fs.h.  I included the one from Linux kernel 2.0.30,
but these files have a way of changing in annoying ways, so it's probably best
to use one that matches whatever version of Linux you are going to be running
concurrently.  This is if you have to be ABSOLUTELY sure that everything
matches...  BTW, compile line is as follows for DJGPP:  

  gcc -o mkminix.exe mkminix.c

Desperate Plea for Attention
----------------------------
If you find this program useful (or silly, or a complete waste of time), please
drop me a line at wjblack@yahoo.com.  Thanks!
